cloud: add cloud release notes for release-20260512 (#22876)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2026.

## May 12, 2026

**General changes**

- **TiDB Cloud Dedicated**

    - [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) is now generally available (GA) on Microsoft Azure in **Japan East** and **East US 2**.

>         It delivers 3-AZ high availability with a 99.99% uptime SLA, full HTAP powered by TiFlash, independent compute and storage scaling, fully managed operations by PingCAP SRE, continuous backup with PITR, enterprise-grade security, and integrated observability. It also supports seamless data import and migration (including TiCDC and DM) and is available through Azure Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        It delivers three-AZ high availability with a 99.99% uptime SLA, full HTAP powered by TiFlash, independent compute and storage scaling, fully managed operations by PingCAP SRE, seamless data import and migration, continuous backup with PITR, enterprise-grade security, and integrated observability. It also supports bulk data import, migration from MySQL and other sources, and real-time replication to downstream systems. If you use [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/), you can also subscribe to TiDB Cloud Dedicated through Azure Marketplace.
```

Reviewer: Reason: There is no need to highlight "(including TiCDC and DM)" here, as they are tools of TiDB Self-Managed and not mentioned in the TiDB Cloud console. 

"It also supports bulk data import, migration from MySQL and other sources, and real-time replication to downstream systems." is based on https://www.pingcap.com/blog/tidb-cloud-dedicated-ga-microsoft-azure/.
